the followers and breathe 2000 is normal
took back that information from the herald
herald of puebla that says it's true that
is what the governor expected
puebla is no descent of the town to
be able to start buying negotiations at
buy the town
of the people and is to bring and be the center of
the head but not being graco partners is
who say that the governor of morelos
it has nothing to do with the team
that's what the legend tells
then missing to see Ivan for went out to
to remain without any the source descended
now will come to almost have a
economic compensation of atlases that if
they will sell a franchise that
they're going to forgive the descent and that's how it was
Querétaro six months ago has descended
you have to remember the last thing that I in the
descent with atlante happened the same
he went down and did not go for the promotion
to go up to 20 45
up of a compensation
I imagine that for Atlanticism it is a
hard hit another descent but you know
What's up
today it is the sad thing of the people that not only
is a gypsies table to again is a
gypsy hill picture you take from the df what
they took sometime to querétaro del
querétaro
there is talk that whatever it is that is what
bad that's why every time is less than
hobby of the bands to finish what
now the confusion that there is
put jose antonio garcia player
pumas for some that have been me
writing the intent to tell them that I
I'm not the president of the plant
says another 43 already lost we're going
until they defend one wins and wins
of history
Tying does not reach
we indicate why they are mathematically
six points what there is difference with
the town the same points that are left
to be played but the difference it has
atlante against towns of minus 27 goals
it is impossible to download this muertito
accuse the junior I think so
this team the same autumn that walked away
at a time when the Atlantean not
I should have been left without an owner
where miguel angel couchonal and his
hiring that served us where
has been put by a technician who came to
steal that was
israel carries this
that is, do not delay in bringing someone
like marin and that something would have been
different if the tournament had started